# What is Lermo AI

Lermo AI is an advanced technology that revolutionizes the way we learn by providing personalized learning experiences through the power of artificial intelligence (AI). With Lermo AI, we have developed an AI agent that creates learning content tailored to individual learners' needs.

The key feature of Lermo AI is its ability to generate personalized learning content. By leveraging AI algorithms and machine learning techniques, Lermo AI analyzes individual learners' preferences, knowledge gaps, and learning styles to create customized learning materials. This personalized approach enhances the effectiveness and engagement of the learning process.

# Getting Started

## Use Case: AI Video Assistant

With LermoAI's Video Creator Assistance feature, instructors can leverage the power of AI to generate customized learning content by providing all the necessary information and customizing it according to their preferences and requirements.

Prompt:
```yaml
projectName: "Cloud-001"
projectTitle: "Cloud Technology"
timeline:
  name: "Introduction"
  content:
    - videoModel: LermoGLV
      voiceModel: Female
      video: "Transition: Fade in, White background with the text 'Introduction' in the center"
      voice: "Hello everyone! Welcome to today's class on Cloud Computing Basics. In this session, we'll explore the fundamental concepts of cloud computing and its key components. Whether you're completely new to the topic or looking to deepen your understanding, this class will provide a solid foundation. Let's get started!"

    - videoModel: LermoGLV
      voiceModel: Male
      video: "White background with the text 'Introduction' in the center, Transition: Fade out"
      voice: "Before we dive into the details, let's begin by defining what cloud computing actually means."
```

## Use Case: Auto-generate personalized learning.

Auto-generate Video for Learner is a feature provided by Lermo AI that automatically creates videos specifically tailored to meet the learning needs of individual learners. It leverages the power of artificial intelligence to generate educational videos that align with the learner's preferences, knowledge level, and learning style.

With Auto-generate Video for Learner, Lermo AI analyzes various factors such as the learner's interests, proficiency level, and previous learning history. Based on these insights, Lermo AI dynamically generates video content on specific topics or subjects.

Prompt: 
```
Create 10 video in topic basic Cloud for beginner: easy to understand, fundamental, 2 - 4 minute per video.
```


# LermoGLC Model

The LermoGLC model, designed for generating learning content,specifically trained on verified data sources such as documentation, books, and research papers. This training method ensures that the learning content generated by LermoGLC meets high standards of accuracy, reliability, and educational value.

# LermoGLV Model

In the first stage, we train LermoGLV using presentation videos to help it understand the context of presentations and create learning videos based on that understanding.


Example Prompts:
```
"Transition: Fade in, White background with the text 'Introduction' in the center"

"Put an image of a cat on the left side and display the message 'Hello, world!' on the right side"
```


By providing these prompts, LermoGLV can learn to generate the appropriate visual and textual elements for the specified context. It can understand the desired transition effect, background color, text placement, and image insertion. This training helps LermoGLV develop the ability to create learning videos that align with the given instructions.

---

In the second stage, we explore creating simple animations for learning videos using LermoGLV.

Example Prompts:
```
"Create an animation where a cat walks and falls into the water."
"Create an anime-style animation explaining how gravity works, focusing on the principles of physics."
```
By providing these prompts, LermoGLV can utilize its understanding of animations and visual storytelling to generate suitable animated sequences for the learning videos. It can apply animation techniques, movement, and effects to bring the described scenarios to life visually.


# Integration

We have designed LermoAI to be fully integrated with other Large Language Models (LLMs) such as GPT-4, Falcon, and more. This integration allows LermoAI to leverage the capabilities and advancements of these models to enhance its own performance and expand its range of features.

Additionally, LermoAI is also designed to seamlessly integrate with Text-to-Video like DeepBrain AI and Stable Diffusion Videos. This integration empowers LermoAI to generate video content based on textual inputs, enhancing its versatility and enabling it to provide a complete end-to-end video creation experience.

The integration of LermoAI with other LLMs and Text-to-Video ensures that users have access to a comprehensive and powerful toolset for various language and video-related tasks. 

# Free and Open for Everyone

At Lermo, we believe in making education accessible to all. That's why it is completely free and open for everyone to use. We aim to democratize education and provide equal opportunities for all learners.


# Business Model

While Lermo is provided free of charge, we offer additional support and infrastructure services for a nominal fee. This allows us to maintain the quality and functionality of the platform while keeping it accessible to as many users as possible.

By charging for support and infrastructure, we can ensure that Lermo remains easy to deploy and maintain, providing a seamless experience for users at an affordable price point.


# Support Us

We appreciate your support for our project! Here are the different ways you can contribute, sponsor, or invest in our initiative:

Contributor: We are currently building a small group of contributors for this project as it is still in its initial stages. We welcome individuals who are interested in joining our team and contribute to the development and improvement of this project. Please reach out to us at contact@lermo.io to express your interest and discuss potential contributions.

Sponsorship: We are planning to utilize platforms such as Github Sponsors, Patreon, and buymeacoffee to gather financial support for this project. Your sponsorship will greatly assist us in furthering our mission of changing the education system. Stay tuned for more information on how you can sponsor and support our project through these platforms.

Investor: We welcome investors who share our vision and understand the mission of our project. While we value financial support, it is important for us to work with investors who align with our purpose rather than solely focusing on monetary gains. If you are an investor who sees the value in what we are doing and believes in our mission of transforming the education system, we would be delighted to discuss potential collaborations. Please contact us at contact@lermo.io 

# Lermo Mission

"Picture a groundbreaking education system that transcends barriers, offering boundless access to knowledge for all. It embodies inclusivity and equality, empowering learners worldwide to embrace their potential and pursue dreams without constraints. In this educational utopia, knowledge fuels curiosity, ignites intellect, and fosters a love for learning, shaping a brighter, enlightened future for humanity. Let's dare to envision and strive for an education system that belongs to everyone—a beacon of hope and empowerment, inspiring generations to flourish and make a positive impact."
